Dog eyes look at people and objects
High end location right?
Noble foreign company right?
Swiss bank, international private bank?
Let the director answer the phone.
Swiss Bank
Governor
Switzerland has one
Gleiber Company?
Help me buy it.
Maybe maybe.
But...
What is he? What's the problem?
It takes at least 20 minutes.
Okay, 20 minutes is 20 minutes.
Happiness Tran Pham, is there something wrong with your mind?
And say you are a bank or an acquirer?
Haha.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha, no more, no more.
I'm dying of laughter, haha.
I think I think
This kid was fired from the company yesterday.
Ha ha ha
Hey, I've seen people pretend to force.
Such an outfit is still the first time seen.
Ha ha ha mom, thanks mom.
Make me laugh like a clown
I am very satisfied.
Ha ha, sorry you two.
Delaying you guys for so long.
Our work matters.
I am looking for someone.
Get him out of here.
Kick him out.
Hey, what are you doing?